Page by page – streamlining the flow
Page 1
Remove sections ‘How it works’ and “ready to start you journey?’
The remaining sections should fit on one page
Page 2
This is the first page the user sees. Let’s change the language for an individual user who can create many profiles. 
Change “Create and manageprofiles. Each profile tracks skills, learning paths, and progress.
Remove “Upload a resume or fill in manually, then paste the target job description.”
On the left “Your Current 
.
Change ‘Detected Role’ to ‘Targeted Role’
Page 3
What do ‘#x’ represent? Is this the priority of these skills according to our rubric? If so, please show them in this order.  And on ALL future pages when we show the skills as well.
Suggest removing this page – it is duplicative with Page 4
Page 4
Use this page and combine the functionality with Page 3. 
New text on top: “
Title: Top 5 Skills for the Targeted Role - Assessing Your Proficiency Level
Text: We identified 8 key skills from the job description. Targeted role: AI Content Editor
Please rate your current proficiency. For each skill, select the level that best describes your current ability. Hover over each level for a description.
Show skills in priority order. 
Vivek is working on better definitions for each level for EACH skill. The definitions will be in the ontology. At the moment, let’s leave as is. 
Page 4 filled out
I believe that Jennifer meets target level for at least 2 skills. 
Here is the logic of how we plan to deal with it. Suggestions welcome.
If the level match to the target level, remove the skills and reduce the number of chapters to the remaining. 
Inform the user at the bottom of the page about this change: “Since X skills match targeted level, we will proceed with the remaining skills. If you’d like to keep matching skills, click here.” And provide a button to click.
At the completion of 3 chapters, we will reprioritize and provide additional chapters. 
If the user picks all chapters at the target level, generate next 5 prioritized skills. In this generation, include skills that the user just learned in their current state, and rerun the selection and prioritization again.
Page 5
A placeholder while the learning path is being generated. 
Change title to ‘Generating Your Learning Path’
Page 6 – appears like duplication. suggest removing
Page 7 – lists objectives but suggest removing for better flow
Page 8 – not needed, suggest removing
Page 9
Jump here from Page 5
Make sure that the chapters are listed in the order of priority selected by the rubric
Vivek is working on 1 chapter per skill level but at this point leave as is. 